Employees Table:

	1.	emp_no: INT PRIMARY KEY NOT NULL
		Represents a unique employee number, used to identify each employee.
	2.	emp_title_id: VARCHAR(10) NOT NULL
		Refers to a job title identifier; it’s a string that may contain letters and digits.
	3.	birth_date: DATE NOT NULL
		The date of birth of the employee, in YYYY-MM-DD format.
	4.	first_name: VARCHAR(35) NOT NULL
		The employee’s first name; string data.
	5.	last_name: VARCHAR(35) NOT NULL
		The employee’s last name; string data.
	6.	sex: VARCHAR(1) NOT NULL
		Indicates the employee’s gender, typically M or F.
	7.	hire_date: DATE NOT NULL
		The date the employee was hired, in YYYY-MM-DD format.

	•	Keys:
	•	emp_no: Primary key, uniquely identifying each employee.
	•	emp_title_id: A foreign key could be linked to a title in the titles table.

Departments Table:

	1.	dept_no: VARCHAR(8) PRIMARY KEY NOT NULL
		Represents a unique department number consisting of letters and digits.
	2.	dept_name: VARCHAR(40) NOT NULL
		The name of the department; string data.

	•	Keys:
	•	dept_no: Primary key, uniquely identifying each department.
	•	This table defines all department information.

Salaries Table:

	1.	emp_no: INT PRIMARY KEY NOT NULL
		Refers to the employee number, linking to the employees table.
	2.	salary: INT NOT NULL
		The salary amount for the employee, represented as an integer.

	•	Keys:
	•	emp_no: Primary key and a foreign key referencing the employees table.

Dept_Emp Table:

	1.	emp_no: INT NOT NULL
		Refers to the employee number, linking to the employees table.
	2.	dept_no: VARCHAR(8) NOT NULL
		Refers to the department number, linking to the departments table.

	•	Keys:
	•	emp_no, dept_no: Composite primary key, uniquely identifying the relationship.
	•	emp_no: Foreign key referencing the employees table.
	•	dept_no: Foreign key referencing the departments table.

Dept_Manager Table:

	1.	dept_no: VARCHAR(8) NOT NULL
		Refers to the department number, linking to the departments table.
	2.	emp_no: INT NOT NULL
		Refers to the employee number, linking to the employees table.

	•	Keys:
	•	emp_no, dept_no: Composite primary key, uniquely identifying the relationship.
	•	emp_no: Foreign key referencing the employees table.
	•	dept_no: Foreign key referencing the departments table.

Titles Table:

	1.	title_id: VARCHAR(10) PRIMARY KEY
		Represents a unique job title identifier.
	2.	title: VARCHAR(40) NOT NULL
		The title name or job position description.

	•	Keys:
	•	title_id: Primary key to uniquely identify each title.

Foreign Key Relationships:

	•	emp_no in salaries, dept_emp, and dept_manager references emp_no in the employees table.
	•	dept_no in dept_emp and dept_manager references dept_no in the departments table.
	•	emp_title_id in employees can reference a primary key in the titles table.

Data Type Justifications:

	•	INT: Used for numeric fields like employee number and salary, which are integers without decimals.
	•	VARCHAR: Used for alphanumeric fields like employee names, department numbers, and titles, which can contain letters and numbers.
	•	DATE: Used for date-related fields (e.g., birth date, hire date, from_date, to_date), stored in YYYY-MM-DD format.

